---
layout: session
title: "The new era of JavaScript / Giving Javascript a pair of eyes"
categories: event archive
speakers: [jackfranklin, tomhallam]
tags: javascript nodejs emberjs gruntjs vision
meetupid: 144653582
---

### <a href="{% post_url 2000-01-01-jack-franklin %}">Jack Franklin</a>:  The new era of JavaScript

We're seeing more and more of the processing on sites being moved to the client site and done with JavaScript. In this talk we'll look at some approaches, libraries and frameworks for solving issues and even if we should be doing it at all. When is it a good idea to shift from server to client, and when should we stick to the traditional approach of all the heavy processing and work being done on the server?

### <a href="{% post_url 2000-01-01-tom-hallam %}">Tom Hallam</a>:  Giving Javascript a pair of eyes

<p>
If you came to me three years ago and told me I could have a web service, built in Javascript, that could detect your face and identify a banana in an image, I would have said you were mad. A maverick. However, this is no longer the case with the fantastic Node.js and a ravenous community of contributors. Libraries exist now to do almost anything! In this talk I'm going to focus on a couple of solutions, the holy grail of many programmers - competent facial and object recognition.
</p>

<p>

Expect some interaction and laughs as we challenge my webservice to give an on the fly makeover to the Twitter users in the audience, some gotchas I found with the libraries available and some learning as I go through a bit of history on object detection and where we are today.
</p>

<p>
You'll be able to take the code away via my GitHub account at the end.
</p>
