---
layout: session
title: "Session 2013.2 - Cross Platform Mobile, and Building Modular JavaScript"
categories: event
speakers: [colineberhardt, timperry]
tags: mobile html5 air titanium xamarin android ios javascript
---

Here's our second session, and this week we've got talks on two technologies that won't have passed any of
you by, Mobile Apps and JavaScript:

### <a href="{% post_url 2000-01-01-colin-eberhardt %}">Colin Eberhardt</a>: Cross Platform Mobile – looking beyond the HTML5 Hype

The fragmented smartphone market is a very real challenge for mobile application developers. In order to reach end users you have to create applications that will run on a range of platforms. Creating a native version of your application for each platform is often not an option, due to cost constraints. As a result, developers are looking towards cross-platform solutions, such as HTML5, in order to increase the reach of their applications. However, many have genuine concerns about HTML5, which has been much-hyped. With the biggest concern being around visuals - can it really deliver a first-class user experience?

Backed by practical examples and demonstrations on a range of devices, this talk will take a practical look at the options available for cross-platform development, which includes not just HTML5 but also technologies such as Titanium, Xamarin and Adobe AIR. 

This talk will take a critical look at the developer tooling, code sharing, and most importantly end-user experience that can be achieved by a number of popular frameworks, allowing you to make a more informed choice.

### <a href="{% post_url 2000-01-01-tim-perry %}">Tim Perry</a>: The Many Ways to Build Modular JavaScript

