---
layout: session
title: "'How I learned to stop worrying and love Server Push' and 'RabbitMQ - It's fast & it multiplies like crazy!'"
categories: event
speakers: [davecrane, robbracken]
tags: server-push rabbitmq
meetupid: ID of meetup event (from URL)
---

Our guest speakers this month are [Dave Crane](/speakers/dave-crane.html] and [Rob Bracken](/speakers/rob-bracken.html).

### How I learned to stop worrying and love Server Push

Web applications live and breathe HTTP, a stateless protocol originally designed to retrieve documents from online repositories. Over time, commonplace usage of this protocol has evolved to incorporate a number of dodges, tweaks and hacks such as session tokens and programmatic execution of requests to turn the web into a platform for developing full-blown rich applications. Server-side push technologies continue this onslaught on the fundamental tenets of HTTP by reversing the flow of information, allowing the server (or other connected clients) to initiate the conversation. The implications for this on end-user functionality are considerable, and so are the implications on how one structures a modern n-tier web application.

In this talk, Dave will review the technologies that make server push possible, and look at the architectural impact that they've had on the n-tier architecture of a "classic" ajax web application circa 2006. He'll introduce some patterns and terminology relevant to the client side, and server-side, and demonstrate that thinking in terms of client-side and server-side is no longer the whole story. He'll also inject a note of realism into the hype, and discuss pitfalls to implementing push-based solutions in the real world.

### RabbitMQ - It's fast & it multiplies like crazy!

Message queues are useful in a wide range of scenarios. RabbitMQ is reliable, it performs well and it's free! In this talk Rob will give you an overview of RabbitMQ & show you how you can use it in a heterogeneous network (involving a Raspberry Pi & a few LEDs).
