--- 
layout: session 
title: "Bristech September 2014" 
categories: event
speakers: [tomkelly, davidluna] 
tags: gamification authentication passwords
meetupid: 174656222
---

This month we've got  <a href="{% post_url 2000-01-01-tom-kelly %}">Tom
Kelly</a> and <a href="{% post_url 2000-01-01-david-luna %}">David
Luna</a> joining us to give us talks about Gamification and the FIDO
Alliance.

### Gamification

Gamification has quickly become the new marketting buzzword to push for, 
but what does it really involve, and is it right for you?

This talk takes a look at what Gamification involves, and how it has been 
used. You'll see the core concepts of games (not just video games), and 
how these motivate players to keep playing.

We will take a look at how these ideas can be applied to other products to 
increase their user base and usability, and some games which you can use 
to increase your own productivity. We will also take a look at the dangers 
of how haphazardly applying these concepts can damage a product.

### FIDO Alliance, Passwordless Authentication

Passwords are crap. That’s the basic premise behind the thinking of the
FIDO Alliance, a collection of companies coming together to produce
specifications intent of bringing advancements to the problems facing
modern authentication. Their initial draft specifications for a
Universal Authentication Framework (UAF) and Universal 2nd Factor (U2F)
present a new paradigm for authentication, utilising public key
infrastructure with a focus on pluggable authentication via a user’s
personal, local device.

This brief talk will give a introduction to the FIDO Alliance, the core
principles of and the two current draft specifications, looking at new
ways of authenticating in the passwordless near-future.
