---
layout: session
title: "Soft Skills and VR A new world with new challenges"
categories: event
speakers: [seanoneill, lukasroper, danpage]
tags: softskills VR virtualreality
meetupid: 223200894
---

### Soft Skills - Sean O'Neill

This talk is for anyone interested in the non-technical side of being a software engineer. Sean is a beginner at soft skills so the talk is aimed at other beginners. It should give anyone a basic grounding in the area and some basic tools to get started. Sean will be going through the current models of how people think and behave. This should help us understand : 

* why people are motivated 
* how people get into arguments 
* how to resolve conflicts 
* how people learn 
* how people can be more productive

### Virtual Reality - A new world with new development challenges - Lukas Roper & Dan Page

Dan Page will introduce the session with a round-up of the virtual reality market as it stands at the time of the meeting. Lukas Roper will follow-up with an in-depth look at some of the challenges presented by the medium and how he and the Opposable Games team have made efforts to overcome them. 


Both Dan and Lukas will then take a wider look at some of the challenges still waiting to be solved and the steps beginning to be taken by developers to start tackling them. Likely subjects will include the sim-sickness, potential widespread adoption, fragmentation, locomotion in first person games and hardware limitations.


Dan and Lukas will then move on to look a little further into the future at where the virtual reality market might go, with a look at predictions in mobile, console and desktop VR. 
