---
layout: session
title: "Cyber-Dojo, Deliberate Programming Practice and Extending Docker with Powerstrip"
categories: event archive
speakers: [jonjagger, kaidavenport]
tags: docker
meetupid: 221052213
---

### Cyber-Dojo, Deliberate Programming Practice - Jon Jagger

A dojo is a place where martial artists practice their martial art. Cyber-Dojo is where programmers practice programming. It isn't an individual development environment - rather it's a browser-based shared learning environment with a strong focus on review. It's powered by Docker. 

### Extending Docker with Powerstrip - Kai Davenport

Powerstrip is a tool for prototyping Docker extensions. It's a Docker API proxy which allows multiple adapters to hook into the same Docker daemon. 

It enables the creation of extensions that are: 
* composable - it's vital that the variety of tools being developed to extend docker are able to work together. 
* late-bound - docker a compiled golang binary - extensions need to run outside the main docker process and to be authored in any language. 
* optional - extensions that solve particular problems should be replaceable with other solutions for the same problem.

Because Powerstrip presents a standard docker HTTP proxy, it can communicate with the standard Docker client.  This means the wide range of orchestration tools can be made to work with Powerstrip adapters out of the box. There are several Powerstrip adapters currently being developed - one for Weave and one for Flocker.  We hope to see a wide range of adapters being developed by the docker community in the coming months.